
Here is the reason for why your old style `.dat' training
data files will not work with the new version of this
module:

The old-style `.dat' files for supplying the training data
to the module used the symbol '=>' to show the relationship
between the feature names and the different possible values
for the features at the top of a training file.  For version
2.0, I needed the characters `>' and `<' for their `greater
than' and `less than' semantics in the feature-value strings
for numeric features.  This required that I use just the
character `=' to show the relationships for which I had used
`=>' in the previous versions of this module.

Obviously, if you are able to replace `=>' by `=' through a
global edit command, you should be able to use your old
`.dat' files again.

Apart from the above mentioned change, all the other
formatting restrictions that applied to the `.dat' training
files for the previous versions of this module continue to
apply for the case of the new version.

In general, a `.dat' training file consists of four
sections: (1) A comment block at the top.  Each line of this
block must begin with the character `#'.  (2) A line that
begins with the string `Class names:', with the rest of the
line containing the names of the classes. (3) Class names
must be followed by a declarations of the features and their
possible values.  This section of the file must begin with
the string "Feature names and their values:". (4) The
training data.  This part of the file must begin with the
string `Training Data:'.  

See the file 

   training.dat

for how a `.dat' file must be formatted.


